Open 

AI training sessions and open ideas labs request form

In addition to the main programme of Digital Learning Week, which will run from Tuesday 2 September in the afternoon to Thursday 4 September, UNESCO and its partners are organizing a series of sessions as follows:

AI training sessions (Tuesday, 2 September, 9:30–13:00): Held before the official opening, these hands-on sessions offer participants the chance to explore the practical applications of AI in education.

Open ideas labs (Friday, 5 September, 9:30–17:00). These sessions are designed to be interactive. They are intended to offer spaces for practical workshops, collaborative ideation and consultation. As such, they should not be organized as traditional panel formats, or series of presentations with discussion. 

While sessions are primarily in-person, hybrid formats are possible in select rooms. However, the majority of speakers and participants are expected to be physically present. Please note that interpretation will not be provided. If required, organizers must arrange and cover the associated costs independently. 

All approved sessions will be included in the public Digital Learning Week programme and will be open to all participants unless the organizers specify otherwise. 

To propose a session, please complete the form:

Session type

 Training session (Tuesday, 2 September) 

 Open idea lab (Friday, 5 September)

Title of the session

(Please provide a clear and concise title)

Preferred duration

Choose one of the following options (please note that 3-hour slots are limited due to space constraints):

 90 minutes 

 180 minutes 

Room requirements

Estimated number of participants: 

 <20 persons

 20-40 persons

 >40 persons

Do you wish the session to accommodate online participation?

 Yes 

 No 

Do you intend to provide interpretation? Kindly note that interpretation is at the expense of the organizing unit. 

Please provide details.

Organizers 

Include the names of the organizers. Please indicate a focal point who will serve as the main contact for coordination.

About the session

Provide a summary of the proposed session, including its context, methodology, target audience and how it aligns with the theme of Digital Learning Week “AI and the future of education: disruptions, dilemmas and directions”. This text will be included in the event documents. (Maximum 300 words)

Objective of the session

Clearly state one main goal or expected takeaway from the session. What do you want participants to leave with?

Session structure

Provide an estimated breakdown of the session structure, with approximate time allocations. 

Any other information

For more information on inquiries please contact dlw@unesco.org